Fix: Broken or missing Offline Mode links (#8118)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/configuration/envvars.mdx

The graph ref for the GraphOS graph and variant that the router fetches its supergraph schema from (e.g., `docs-example-graph@staging`).

> **Required** when using [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/), except when using an [offline license](/router/enterprise-features/#offline-enterprise-license) to run the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Required** when using [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/), except when using an [offline license](/graphos/routing/license/#offline-license) to run the router.
```
Just checked the DP and I think it needs to be this link
